ActivityExplorerData.md, before:

# アクティビティ エクスプローラのログの CSV への書き出しサンプル
新たに追加された Export-ActivityExplorerData のコマンドを利用して、最大 30 日分、5 万行 (5,000 行x 10 回)のログを取得するサンプルです。素の単体実行のコマンドでは、
一回につき最大 5,000 行までの取得制限があるので、5,000 行を超えたログの取得では、結果と合わせて返される WaterMark 変数を次回の PageCookie として指定して、
複数回に分けた取得が必要です。現在は、CSV 形式で出力した場合でも列名が記録されるため、列名を取得するために JSON 形式でデータを取得して CSV に変換するなどのデータ加工は不要です。

# PowerShell スクリプト
## PowerShell を管理権限で立ち上げて事前に一度以下を実行
```
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
Install-Module -Name ExchangeOnlineManagement
```
## Endpooint DLP のログをまとめて取得
```
#接続に利用するID / パスワード
$Id="xxx@xxx.onmicrosoft.com"
$Password = "xxxxx"
#変数
$date=get-date
$e=$date.ToUniversalTime().ToString("yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss")
$s=$date.AddDays(-30).ToUniversalTime().ToString("yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss")
$OutputFile=[System.Environment]::GetFolderPath("Desktop")+"\AEJ.csv"
#$filter1=@("Activity", "DLPRuleMatch")
#$filter2=@("Workload", "Exchange")
#$filter3=@("Policy", "DLPPolicyName")

#Credentialの生成
$SecPass=ConvertTo-SecureString -String $Password -AsPlainText -Force
$Credential= New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $Id, $SecPass

Connect-IPPSSession -credential $Credential

# 最大 5,000 行x 10 回でログを取得
$output=@();
$watermark="";
for($i = 0; $i -lt 10; $i++){
	$d=Export-ActivityExplorerData -OutputFormat csv -StartTime $s -EndTime $e -PageSize 5000 -PageCookie $watermark
	#$d=Export-ActivityExplorerData -OutputFormat csv -StartTime $s -EndTime $e -PageSize 5000 -PageCookie $watermark -filter1 $filter1 -filter2 $filter2 -$filter3 $filter3
	$output+=$d.ResultData
      "ループ $i :"+$d.RecordCount+"行"
	if($d.LastPage){break;}
      $watermark=$d.WaterMark
}
 
 # Excel ファイルに書き出す
$output|out-file ($OutputFile) -Encoding UTF8
```

## (おまけ) Excel を通じて CSV ファイルをテーブル フォーマットありの Excel ファイルに変換
```
$excel = new-Object -com excel.application
$excel.visible = $false
$book = $excel.Workbooks.open($OutputFile)
$book.ActiveSheet.ListObjects.Add(1,$book.ActiveSheet.Range("A1").CurrentRegion ,$null,1).Name = "テーブル1"
$book.SaveAs($OutputFile.replace(".csv",".xlsx"),51)
$book.close()
$excel.quit()
```
## Excel 出力結果例
<img src="https://github.com/YoshihiroIchinose/E5Comp/blob/main/img/AE2.png">

Commit message:

updated files with english language

ActivityExplorerData.md, after:

# Sample for Exporting Activity Explorer Logs to CSV
This sample uses the newly added Export-ActivityExplorerData command to retrieve up to 30 days' worth of logs, up to 50,000 rows (5,000 rows x 10 times). A standalone command
is limited to retrieving up to 5,000 rows per execution. Therefore, to retrieve logs exceeding 5,000 rows, you must specify the Watermark variable returned with the results as the next PageCookie
and perform multiple retrievals. Currently, column names are recorded even when output in CSV format, so there is no need to process the data, such as retrieving data in JSON format and then converting it to CSV, to obtain column names.

# PowerShell script
## Launch PowerShell with administrative privileges and run the following once beforehand.
```
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
Install-Module -Name ExchangeOnlineManagement
```
## Collect Endpoint DLP logs
```
# Connection ID/Password
$Id="xxx@xxx.onmicrosoft.com"
$Password = "xxxxx"
# Variables
$date=get-date
$e=$date.ToUniversalTime().ToString("yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss")
$s=$date.AddDays(-30).ToUniversalTime().ToString("yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss")
$OutputFile=[System.Environment]::GetFolderPath("Desktop")+"\AEJ.csv"
#$filter1=@("Activity", "DLPRuleMatch")
#$filter2=@("Workload", "Exchange")
#$filter3=@("Policy", "DLPPolicyName")

#Generate Credential
$SecPass=ConvertTo-SecureString -String $Password -AsPlainText -Force
$Credential= New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $Id, $SecPass

Connect-IPPSSession -credential $Credential

# Get logs up to 5,000 lines x 10 times
$output=@();
$watermark="";
for($i = 0; $i -lt 10; $i++){
$d=Export-ActivityExplorerData -OutputFormat csv -StartTime $s -EndTime $e -PageSize 5000 -PageCookie $watermark
#$d=Export-ActivityExplorerData -OutputFormat csv -StartTime $s -EndTime $e -PageSize 5000 -PageCookie $watermark -filter1 $filter1 -filter2 $filter2 -$filter3 $filter3
$output+=$d.ResultData
"Loop $i :"+$d.RecordCount+"rows"
if($d.LastPage){break;}
$watermark=$d.WaterMark
}

# Export to an Excel file
$output|out-file ($OutputFile) -Encoding UTF8
# Export only specific columns
# $output|ConvertFrom-Csv|Select-Object -Property "Activity", "Happened", "User", "FilePath", "TargetFilePath", "Application", "DeviceName", "Manufacturer", "SerialNumber", "Model" |Export-Csv ($OutputFile) -Encoding UTF8 -NoTypeInformation

```

## (Bonus) Exporting to CSV via Excel Convert a file to an Excel file with table formatting
```
$excel = new-Object -com excel.application
$excel.visible = $false
$book = $excel.Workbooks.open($OutputFile)
$book.ActiveSheet.ListObjects.Add(1,$book.ActiveSheet.Range("A1").CurrentRegion ,$null,1).Name = "Table1"
$book.SaveAs($OutputFile.replace(".csv",".xlsx"),51)
$book.close()
$excel.quit()
```
## Example of Excel output result
<img src="https://github.com/YoshihiroIchinose/E5Comp/blob/main/img/AE2.png">
