PostTeamsMessage.md, before:

# Graph API を利用して Teams のチャネル チャットに投稿する
CC / DLP のテストなどに利用するため、Teams のチャネル チャットへの投稿を自動化するスクリプトのサンプルです。管理者による同意を不要としたバージョンは[こちら](https://github.com/YoshihiroIchinose/E5Comp/blob/main/PostTeamsMessage2.md)。

## 事前準備
1. Azure AD (https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/~/RegisteredApps) でアプリケーションを登録する
2. 作成したアプリケーションの API のアクセス許可で、委任されたアクセス許可として Group.Read.All、Channel.ReadBasic.All、ChannelMessage.Send の権限を与え、管理者の同意を実施する    
   (ChannelMessage.Send はアプリケーションとしては実行できず、必ずユーザーの委任としての操作が必要で、Group.Read.All は管理者による同意が必須。）
3. 事前準備したアプリケーションの Client Secret を新規作成する
4. 以下のスクリプトで、作成したアプリケーションの ClientID、Client Secret、ユーザーの ID/パスワード、および投稿先のチーム名、チャネル名、投稿内容を書き換える
## スクリプト本体
Graph API では、ID での指定が必要になるため、チーム名からチームを、チャネル名でチャネルを特定してから投稿する処理となっています。
チームやチャネルの ID が分かっている場合、"#チーム ID の特定" および "#チャンネル ID の特定" はスキップ可能です。

````
$clientID = "xxxx"
$clientSecret="xxxxx"
$Id="xxxx@xxxx.onmicrosoft.com"
$Password = "xxxx"

$TeamName="Sales and Marketing"
$ChannelName="General" #日本語で一般と表示されている場合でも General の指定が必要
$Text="今日はいい天気ですね。"

#トークンの取得
$tokenBody = @{  
    Grant_Type = "password"
    client_Id  = $clientId
    client_secret  = $clientSecret
    username   =  $Id
    password   = $Password
    resource  = "https://graph.microsoft.com"
}

$tokenResponse = Invoke-RestMethod "https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/token" -Method Post  -Body $tokenBody -ErrorAction STOP

$headers = @{
    "Authorization" = "Bearer $($tokenResponse.access_token)"
    "Content-type"  = "application/json"
}

#チーム ID の特定
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/groups?`$filter=displayName+eq+'$TeamName'"
$r=Invoke-RestMethod -Method GET -Uri $url -Headers $headers
if(!$r.value){"The group is not found";return}
$TeamID=$r.value[0].id

#チャンネル ID の特定
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/$TeamID/channels?`$filter=displayName+eq+'$ChannelName'"
$r=Invoke-RestMethod -Method GET -Uri $url -Headers $headers
if(!$r.value){"The channel is not found";return}
$ChannelID=$r.value[0].id

#投稿先
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/$TeamID/channels/$ChannelID/messages"

#投稿内容
$body= @"
{"body": {contentType: "text",content:"$Text"}}
"@

#投稿 日本語を投稿する際は、-ContentType "application/json; charset=utf-8" の指定が必須
Invoke-RestMethod -Method POST -Uri $url -Body $body -Headers $headers -ContentType "application/json; charset=utf-8"
````

Commit message:

updated files with english language

PostTeamsMessage.md, after:

# Posting to a Teams channel chat using the Graph API
This is a sample script that automates posting to a Teams channel chat, for use in CC/DLP testing, etc. A version that does not require administrator consent is available here.

## Preparation
1. Register an application with Azure AD (https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/~/RegisteredApps)
2. Grant the following delegated permissions to the created application's API: Group.Read.All, Channel.ReadBasic.All, and ChannelMessage.Send. Obtain administrator consent.
(ChannelMessage.Send cannot be executed by the application itself; it must be executed as a user delegate, while Group.Read.All requires administrator consent.)
3. Create a new Client Secret for the application you created.
4. Use the following script to update the created application's Client ID, Client Secret, user ID/password, and the destination team name, channel name, and post content.
## Script Body
Since the Graph API requires ID specification, the process first identifies the team from the team name and the channel from the channel name before posting.
If you already know your team or channel IDs, you can skip "#Identify team ID" and "#Identify channel ID".

````
$clientID = "xxxx"
$clientSecret="xxxxx"
$Id="xxxx@xxxx.onmicrosoft.com"
$Password = "xxxx"

$TeamName="Sales and Marketing"
$ChannelName="General" #Even if "General" is displayed in Japanese, "General" must be specified.
$Text="It's a nice day today."

#Get a token
$tokenBody = @{
Grant_Type = "password"
client_Id = $clientId
client_secret = $clientSecret
username = $Id
password = $Password
resource = "https://graph.microsoft.com"
}

$tokenResponse = Invoke-RestMethod "https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/token" -Method Post -Body $tokenBody -ErrorAction STOP

$headers = @{
"Authorization" = "Bearer $($tokenResponse.access_token)"
"Content-type" = "application/json"
}

#Identify team ID
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/groups?`$filter=displayName+eq+'$TeamName'"
$r=Invoke-RestMethod -Method GET -Uri $url -Headers $headers
if(!$r.value){"The group is not found";return}
$TeamID=$r.value[0].id

#Identify channel ID
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/$TeamID/channels?`$filter=displayName+eq+'$ChannelName'"
$r=Invoke-RestMethod -Method GET -Uri $url -Headers $headers
if(!$r.value){"The channel is not found";return}
$ChannelID=$r.value[0].id

#Posting Destination
$url="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/$TeamID/channels/$ChannelID/messages"

#Posting Content
$body= @"
{"body": {contentType: "text",content:"$Text"}}
"@

#Posting When posting in Japanese, you must specify -ContentType "application/json; charset=utf-8"
Invoke-RestMethod -Method POST -Uri $url -Body $body -Headers $headers -ContentType "application/json; charset=utf-8"
````
